let's switch over to talk about oil it's
had its worst day yesterday since 1991
you are an investor in the sector
through this Occidental Petroleum ideal
from last year you put in ten billion
dollars I think and and maybe some more
after that I know you get preferred
dividends but that investment has to be
underwater at this point and what's your
thinking well but the 10 the 10 billion
is the preferred stock with Warren said
but and there is no market and I mean oh
it's a private deal but but we also have
about two percent of the common stock
and that's that's down significantly and
and you know as I said one I did it I've
been the biggest variable is the price
of oil and I don't know the price of oil
and every day it gets quoted and today
it's no quarter whatever it is on WTI
maybe it's 33 dollars or something like
that and now it's going back into what
they call contango you know where the
far out sells at a premium where it was
in backwardation when we did the deal
and the far out was it at this come but
there's still you know if you have an
opinion on oil you can buy or sell the
oil either one year out or two years out
or three years out or something the sort
and when oil was in the 30s there's a
lot of agony in the oil patch and and
the math just changes terrifically I
mean it just doesn't pay to drill and in
a lot of areas and the Saudis can turn
out a lot of it but with practically no
operating costs or you know I mean
they've got very very very cheap
operations I mean between that war
between the Saudis and the Russians and
then also perhaps the secular decline of
demand given concerns about climate
change is this really a great place to
invest well I don't think the secular to
the man will change that much but
certainly the immediate demand was
changed I mean the airline's need less
and people drive less if they're working
out of their homes and I've even changed
you know when you're talking about
something close to hundred million
barrels a day did you change it by 5%
with you know that is huge if everybody
wants to keep produce
but they were before and Edison you know
it's what they call the marginal barrel
the determines price at when I took
economics and in school they talked
about the marginal mine and in gold and
that was a very big deal and my
professor said he wanted to buy the
marginal mine somewhere over in Africa
to have a little tiny mind and it would
have a big sign it's that marginal mine
in all world would watch it well that's
what that's what we do with oil except
we're talking a hundred million barrels
a day and small supply and demand
changes can have a very disproportionate
well it's an appropriate change in price
and and and it does correct itself over
time I mean you know there's that line
that the solution to twenty five dollar
oil is $25 oil I'll be people quit
growing them and they yeah that doesn't
affect the Saudis much because they they
don't have to drill to turn a production
that much but but if you get into these
shale projects I mean the math really
changes on them depending on on prices